Good day today soldered
fine voltage converter
which makes 12 volts 220 for power
such elimination lamp
Well, now more in detail means the heart
the chip is the heart of the circuit
is make 4 this microchip
is a master oscillator which
generates pulses of 100 kilohertz
sends them to these transistors these
Help transistors lyayut and the whole thing in
As pumps in here
transformer
homemade ferrite transformer
who was personally wrapped around me
such a filter ring
fx number 87 material can be used
better the primary winding here consists
of the two lived secondary winding here
wound wire mgtf
015 wire diameter and somewhere around 150
turns in the secondary winding further with
secondary winding
the wire went out and we have this thing going on
voltage doubler it is assembled on diodes
fr 307 and 2 electrolytic
almost all capacitors
microfarate each 470 microfarad 250
volt what else is here now
fuse that protects the circuit
Well, from any abnormal situations, it is not enough
what suddenly this goat will be or else
anything in anything happens here it is
just blown out here too
there is such a powerful diode which
protects the circuit from reverse polarization ie
the case of reversal when we was with
plus inadvertently changed to food
us nothing explodes with us just
this LED will light up
signal
that we have the wrong connection
right on the food case right
connection this led is off
lights are just those he's lit
always when terminals are connected like
only we turn on the mouse switch
us to meet yet this led
which will signal that
the circuit is working now that is these
two LEDs extremely yellow green
they shine always when working during
work
so further here we still go
stabilizer type 708 12 which
stabilizes voltage only for
power supply driver on
the transistor is just a ghetto straight
the tension is already here for us only
what if turned on in the car
if suddenly there will be some kind of leap
voltage transistors
it easily withstand because they are up to
30 volts can raise the voltage
but the chip does not stand on what is not
can be a maximum of up to 16 but with this
with this stabilizer you can also
supply up to 30 volts to the output
the stabilizer will still be 12 so
I told about the LED here
asked told also here
confine myself to the field resistor
transistors here are resistors which
set the width of the pulse here these
first two left
then goes yellow capacitor
which sets the frequency of the generator and
next to him on the right most extreme is
a resistor that also sets the purity
there are they butt contour which sets
the frequency in this case is 100 kilohertz
frequency here
it was all collected on the PCB
top was covered with varnish DAC varnish
usually not very beautiful
be but nonetheless works on soldered
as I could here, I even signed what
it is a bolt from a transformer 12 volts dc in
220 volt dc so we will power from
This battery immediately show how much
we have this battery volt gives me
written 7 amps per hour that with difficulty
Of course, the Chinese believe forever
overestimate so that's 12 and a half volts
24 volt battery from this
voltage I will now feed m means
for starters, I'll show you how protection against
polarity reversal
here I am a positive wire connected a
minus a minus wire for plus
nothing exploded
LED lit up which simply
signals that it is not correct
connected
the circuit is now changing terminals
here is a medium shining which
signals that the power is just
there is at the terminals now turn on the switch
That's how we have all the scheme in full
condition and watch the great miracle
everything works transistors to
you need to heat up such three lamps
hang at the exit even
I think this probably will not pull from
transformer is a transformer with difficulty
this light bulb diminishes later at home
rewind for more
ring and more take a little bit
more powerful to make a transformer
everything works so now we turn on now
need to discharge high voltage
capacitors are discharged like this
my circuit converter works
voltage is a very good thing
battery consumption is
approximately one and a half ampere case with this
bulb case with incandescent bulb
it will be about 3 amps
either the case of two such lamps i think
will be somewhere under 4 amps
at 220 volts
20 watts 220 240 volts 50 60 hertz
written on my case as many as 100
kilohertz in general thank you all for
attention yet